#summary General guide to installing and using the super chatpad driver.


= Introduction =

This is a basic guide to installing and using the chatpad driver.  For now, this is an alpha release so the install and uninstall process are rough.  Do not try the driver right now unless you are comfortable testing alpha software.  :)


= Disclaimer =

This software is provided with no guarantees.  See the [License] wiki page for license information.

  * This software is open-source, but I have not yet finished uploading everything to this project page due to lack of time and upcoming Christmas vacation.  If you are uncomfortable installing software without source, please wait until I upload the files.
  * This software currently contains unsigned kernel drivers.  You must enable the use of unsigned drivers if you are using 64-bit Windows Vista or Windows 7.
  * This software is used at your own risk if you play games protected by the VAC (Valve anti-cheat) system.  This software does not mess with anything in Steam folders, does not replace DLLs, does not hook calls to DLLs, and does not communicate with games at all except by providing keyboard and mouse virtual HID devices to the operating system.  It is my belief that this should be safe, and the VAC FAQ ([https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=7849-Radz-6869]) mentions that system drivers should not trigger a VAC ban.  I am using the software myself as a gesture of good faith, and I play VAC-protected games.  Nevertheless, Valve provides no way to verify whether particular software is safe, so do not use the software if you are worried about this.  As long as the control utility is not running, the virtual keyboard and mouse devices should not even generate events.

= Install Process =

  * TODO